1.	Our first part of the solution consists of a remote education app which figured out to solve some of the very important flaws in existing technology. These are the detailed working technology behind features of our App:-

CLASSROOM: In classroom section students can attend one to one and one meeting with their teachers and class mates. Also teachers can conduct online classroom in this particular section. The main key point of this feature is that we have built an algorithm that detects and block students for using abusive and harassing words. For this we have used IBM speech to Text service to convert the speech of students into text using which our abusive word detection algorithm can act to work. These blocked students’ information will be visible in admin’s section and they can easily Un-Block these students through the app. But if the students are blocked they cannot re-enter that video call channel. This feature is not available in any education app.
APPOINTMENT: In real world we ask for an appointment with our HODs, teachers and other administrative staff before a proper meeting but this feature is not available in any remote education app till now. So to make it real we involved this feature which allow students to make appointments and follow a hassle free protocol to contact their mentors.
CHAT ROOM: In every classroom there always use to be a chit chat and fun doubt session between teachers and students. To make this offline feature come to live we introduced chat feature in our app to help the teachers and students convey their message and talk seamlessly with our real-time chat system.

ASSIGNMENTS: Apps like zoom does not offer features like assignment submission. In our App we are allowing the teachers to upload the assignment along with the question file and due date and all these information will be saved in Google cloud. On the other side the students can download the question file and submit their solution file on the app which can be later reviewed by the teacher. 
